# Project 4
Consists of multiple files, the most important of which include views.py: the main python django application, urls.py: the python file that maps the views to the html files for django, models.py: the python file that defines the database models that define the tables to hold the data which django will create using sqlite, apps.py: the python file that defines the application (and folders) including orders and users, and admin.py: the python file that registers the models for django. In addition, folders for the orders and users applications that include the files that go along with the apps: templates which includes all the html files to format and display the apps, migrations which includes the database migration files to create the data and tables, as well as static which includes the css and javascript files needed for the apps.

# orders folder
# views.py
File run within django to start the python application. It consists of the view definitions, data processing, database maganement, and data setup for the html files. 

index(): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it indicates no user so the html can prevent access to links that require a login. If authenticated, gets the username and uses that to get the user data from the db. If the user is not found in the db, prompts the user to register. Otherwise, it gets the superuser or admin info for the user. If the user is NOT a superuser, then it checks to see if there are any orders in the cart for the given user. If so, it gets the order_id, count and total for the orders in the cart. If not, then it checks to see if there are any orders overall and if so, it sets the session information with 0s for the count and total grabs the last order_id so it can set the next order_id as well for the session. It then sets up the display information for the entire menu, including the cart count, username, and all menu information and calls orders/index.html.

register(): get method creates a form to get the first name, last name, username, password and email from the user and calls users/register.html. The post method grabs the user input and if the username is not already registered,it then creates a new user in the user database and calls orders/index.html. Otherwise, it calls users/register.html and sends an error message to the user indicating the username already exists.

login(): get method creates a form to get the username and password for the given user and calls users/login.html. The post method then grabs the user input and if the credentials are valid, it calls orders/index.html. Otherwise, it asks the user for correct credentials.

logout(): 0s out the session information and logs the user out of the application and calls users/logout.html.

review(item_id): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username and order_id. It then gets the input for the item_choice, rating, and comment from the user's selections. It then creates and saves a new review with the given information for the item in the database. It then calls orders/success.html. The get method first gets the username and order_id. It then checks to ensure there is not already a review by this user for the given item/order combination. If so, then it formats an error message and calls orders/errors.html to indicate a review has already been submitted by this user. Otherwise, it sets up the display information with the item_choice and item_id so the user will be able to submit a review for the correct item by id and type(choice) from the order. Then it calls orders/review.html with the display info setup.

tree(): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a tree, including all reviews for the tree items, and calls orders/tree.html with the display info setup.

wreath(): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a wreath, including all reviews for the wreath items, and calls orders/wreath.html with the display info setup.

garland(): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a garland, including all reviews for the garland items, and calls orders/garland.html with the display info setup.

centerpiece(): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a centerpiece, including all reviews for the centerpiece items, and calls orders/centerpiece.html with the display info setup.

miniTree(): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a MiniTree, including all reviews for the MiniTree items, and calls orders/miniTree.html with the display info setup.

stand(): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a tree stand, including all reviews for the stand items, and calls orders/stand.html with the display info setup.

lights(size): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a lights string based on the size information passed in, including all reviews for the lights items, and calls orders/lights.html with the display info setup.

treeSkirt(): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a tree skirt, including all reviews for the tree skirt items, and calls orders/treeSkirt.html with the display info setup.

runner(size): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a table runner based on the size information passed in, including all reviews for the runner items, and calls orders/runner.html with the display info setup.

ribbon(size): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a ribbon based on the size information passed in, including all reviews for the ribbon items, and calls orders/ribbon.html with the display info setup.

angel(size): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a angel first by seperating out toppers from large and small ornaments, then also using the size information passed in, and including all reviews for the angel items. It finally calls orders/angel.html with the display info setup.

star(size): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a star first by seperating out toppers from large and small ornaments, then also using the size information passed in, and including all reviews for the star items. It finally calls orders/star.html with the display info setup.

bow(size): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a bow first by seperating out toppers from large and small ornaments, then also using the size information passed in, and including all reviews for the bow items. It finally calls orders/bow.html with the display info setup.

bells(size): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order bells first by seperating out toppers from large and small ornaments, then also using the size information passed in, and including all reviews for the bells items. It finally calls orders/bells.html with the display info setup.

bulb(size): this method is available to non-superusers only so there is no check. The post method first gets the username. It then gets the input for the item type from the user's selections. It then checks to see if the item is in the db and if not, it formats an error message and calls orders/error.html to indicate item could not be found. Otherwise, it gets the input for the special instructions from the user's selections. It gets the order_id, total, and count from the session storage, creates and saves a new entry for the item with the given information for the order in the database. It updates the session information with the new total and count. It then sets up the display information, including the all reviews for this order, and calls orders/view_cart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If the user is authenticated, it sets up the display information for the user to order a box of bulbs, including all reviews for the bulb items. It finally calls orders/bulb.html with the display info setup.

view_order(): first checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, it gets the username and uses that to get the user data from the db. If the user is not found in the db, prompts the user to register. If the user is found, it then checks if the user is a superuser or not. If so, it checks for existing orders that are not in the cart and not cancelled. If not a superuser, it checks for existing orders for the given user that are not in the cart and not cancelled. If found, it sets up the display information for all orders based on their status and calls orders/viewOrder.html. If no orders are found, it calls orders/error.html.

order_status(): this method is only available to superusers so there is no check. The post method gets the username and input for the order_id and update_item from the user's selections. If the user selected an item, then it checks if the item is in the database. If not, it sends an error to orders/error.html. Otherwise, it increments the order status for the item in the db and saves. It then checks if the item is pizza or subs and if so, it advances the status of the toppings as well. It then checks the new status and if it is Completed, it reverse calls orders/viewOrder.html since the status can not be updated further. Otherwise, it checks that an order_id was sent and if so, reverse calls orders/orderStatus.html with order_id so user can review and update status for the given order_id. If no order_id sent, then it calls orders/viewOrder.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, it gets the username and uses that to get the user data from the db. If the user is not found in the db, prompts the user to register. If the user is found, it then checks if an order_id was sent. If so, it sets up the display information for the given order. Otherwise, it sets up the display information with a 0 order_id so the user will be prompted to enter the order_id to update. Either was it calls orders/orderStatus.html with the display info setup.

view_cart(): this method is only available to non-superusers so there is no check. The post method gets username and input for the remove_item from the user's selections. If the user selected an item, then it checks if the item is in the database. If not, it sends an error to orders/error.html. Otherwise, it sets the status to cancelled in the db and saves. It also updates the session variable for the total and the count. If there are no items left in the cart, it reverse calls orders/index.html. Otherwise it reverse calls orders/viewCart.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, it gets the username and uses that to get the user data from the db. If the user is not found in the db, prompts the user to register. If the user is found, it then checks the count and if it is 0 it sends an error to orders/error.html. If it is > 0, it sets up the display information for the cart, including all review info for the order, and calls orders/viewCart.html with the display info setup.

place_order(): this method is only available to non-superusers so there is no check. The post method grabs the session varaiables and then gets all the items in the cart. If no items are found for the cart in the db, it sends an error to orders/error.html. Otherwise, it sets the status to submitted for all order items in the db and saves. It then clears the session variables so they can be formatted correctly for next order. It then calls orders/success.html to indicate the order was successfully submitted. Otherwise it calls orders/error.html. The get method checks if the user is authenticated and if not, it prompts the user to login. If authenticated, it gets the username and uses that to get the user data from the db. If the user is not found in the db, prompts the user to register. If the user is found, it then gets the session variables and if the count is 0 it sends an error to orders/error.html. If it is > 0, it sets up the display information for the cart and calls orders/placeOrder.html with the display info setup.

# urls.py
File run within django to map the python views to the html files for django. It consists of the paths between the urls, views, and html files. 

# models.py
File run within django to setup the database models that define the tables to hold the data which django will create using sqlite. It consists of the models and table definitions for each. 

# apps.py
File run within django that defines the application (and folders) including orders and users. 

# admin.py
File run within django that registers the models for django. It registers each of the models.


# orders/templates folder - users folder
# base.html
File that loads static and defines the head html, which includes the block title. Defines the default page banner with red and green blocks with bells image, title, and tree image. Also setups up formatting for body block.

# urs/login.html
Extends users/base.html. File that defines the block body for login, including Login heading, form for username and password with submit button, and link to registration page.

# register.html
Extends users/base.html. File that defines the block body for registration page, including Register heading and form for new user registration (username, password, email, first name, last name) plus submit button.

# orders/templates folder - orders folder
# base.html
File that loads static and defines the head html, which includes the block title. Defines the default page banner with red and green blocks with bells image, title, and tree image. Also setups up formatting for user block, cart block, header block, and body block.

# index.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the index javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the user block based on if the username is passed in or not. Defines the cart block for non-superusers. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder if the user is not a super user and orderStatus if they are a superuser with default set to index. Defines the body block to include all the menu items and buttons to add an item to the cart if the user is not a superuser. Also includes links to view all tree types. Non-green items are grouped into accessories and decorations since there are so many and they are not the focus, big ticket items.

# viewCart.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the order javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with order id and count, as well as the list of items currently in the cart along with a remove button for each item in the cart, the cart total, and links to placeOrder and index pages. This page includes a link for each item in the cart for the user to review the item in the order. It also includes a section at the bottom to view and hide reviews for the items in the order. A message indicating there are no reviews will be displayed if no reviews are found. 

# error.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the order javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder if the user is not a super user and orderStatus if they are a superuser with default set based on calling view. Defines the body block to include the page title, as well as the error message, and a link to the index page.

# viewOrder.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the order javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder if the user is not a super user and orderStatus if they are a superuser with default set to viewOrder. Defines the body block to include the page title, as well as the list of orders sorted based on status with an update button for each item with status != Completed (only if the user is a superuser), and a link to the index page.

# placeOrder.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the order javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to placeOrder. Defines the body block to include the page title with order id, as well as the list of all items in the cart, the cart total,and links to viewCart and index pages.

# success.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the order javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to placeOrder. Defines the body block to include the page title, as well as the success message, and links to viewCart and index pages.

# orderStatus.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the order javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, orderStatus since the user must be a superuser to access this page and default set to orderStatus. Defines the body block to check if an order id is set. If not, then it prompts the user for the order id to view and update the order status. If so, then it displays all the items in the order including their status with an update button for those not completed, and links to viewOrder and index pages.

# angel.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the angel topper or ornament based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The form returns the size when the user submits it. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# bells.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the bells topper or ornament based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The form returns the size when the user submits it. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# bow.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the bow topper or ornament based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The form returns the size when the user submits it. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# star.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the star topper or ornament based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The form returns the size when the user submits it. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# bulb.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the box of either small or large bulbs based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# centerpiece.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the centerpiece only if the size is avail and selection is for the given size (smallAvail and size is small or largeAvail and size is large), a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# tree.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the tree only if the size is avail and selection is for the given size (smallAvail and size is small or largeAvail and size is large), a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# wreath.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the wreath only if the size is avail and selection is for the given size (smallAvail and size is small or largeAvail and size is large), a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# garland.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the garland only if the size is avail and selection is for the given size (largeAvail and size is large), a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# miniTree.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the miniTree only if the size is avail and selection is for the given size (largeAvail and size is large), a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# lights.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the lights (25 lights, 50 lights, 100 lights, 250 lights, or 500 lights) based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The form returns the size when the user submits it. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# runner.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the table runner (4', 8', or 12') based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The form returns the size when the user submits it. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# ribbon.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the ribbon (5', 15', or 30') based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The form returns the size when the user submits it. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# stand.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the tree stand, either small or large, based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# treeSkirt.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the tree skirt, either small or large, based on the size setting, a box for special instructions, a button for adding the selections to the cart, plus a section for Reviews. The Reviews section includes a link which allows the user to show reviews, if desired, or hide them if they are being shown. If there are no reviews for the order, it displays an error message when the link is clicked. The page also includes a link to the index page.

# review.html
Extends orders/base.html. File that loads static and defines the cart javascript to be used in the title block. Defines the header block which includes all the page tabs, placeOrder since the user must be a non-superuser to access this page and default set to index. Defines the body block to include the page title with a dropdown for the 5 star ratings, a box for comments, a hidden setting for the item_choice passed in to be passed back to the view, and a button for submitting the review for the item. The form returns the item id when the user submits it. The page also includes a link to the index page and place order page.


# orders/static folder - orders folder
# index.js
File that defines the setup for the index html. If there is a user_name element in the document, then the login tab is greyed out, otherwise the logout tab is greyed out. It then calls load_page for the top of the page. It finally defines the querySelectAll for 'nav-link' forEach element onClick to call load_page with the link.dataset.page. 

window.onpopstate = e: function that updates the text on popping state so back button is enabled for webpage. It performs a smooth scroll based on e state text. If it is undefined or set to "/", it scrolls to the top. Otherwise it scrolls to whereever indicated by e state text.

load_page(): function passes in a name and sets the e state, including text, for enabling back button functionality plus smooth scrolls to location in "name".

format_selected_tab(): function passes in e_th, e_link in order to set menu tab highlight to indicated page.

format_old_tab(): function passes in e_th, e_link in order to set previously selected menu tab back to defaults.

# order.js
File that defines the setup for several html pages. Since there must be a user logged in on all of these pages, ensures the login tab is greyed out. 

# review.js
File that defines the setup for several html pages. Since there must be a user logged in on all of these pages, ensures the login tab is greyed out. It also ensures the item-choice fields stay hidden (display style set to none).

# cart.js
File that defines the setup for several html pages. Since there must be a user logged in on all of these pages, ensures the login tab is greyed out. Defaults the review section to hide all reviews (until user clicks on link). It finally defines the querySelectAll for 'nav-link' forEach element onClick to check if the link is set to ShowReviews or HideReviews. If ShowReviews, then it sets the dataset.page and innerHTML for the link to hide and displays the reveiws. If HideReviews, then it sets the dataset.page and innerHTML for the link to show and hides the reviews. 